Chat: add Speech-to-text feature API descriptions (#8504)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChat/1 Configuration/speechToTextEnabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether the Speech-to-Text feature is enabled.

---

> This option displays a microphone button in the Chat input field. Users can click this button to dictate their messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option displays the SpeechtoText button in the Chat input field. Users can click this button to dictate their messages.
```
